hey everybody welcome back northernlion
afterbirth sluts
slowly but surely may be filling in this
post-it note that's the dream anyway
Eden is the last of the characters we
have an unlocked at the present moment
that we need to get something done with
and oh my god we started some things
never change why is that aw bad it's
almost like vac but not quite we're
starting with brimstone nothing else
really stands out to me but nothing else
has to stand out it's well you know what
actually that's not fair it's actually
brimstone with a pretty good rate of
fire as well like it's taking half a
second or so to charge up our brimstone
shot to maximum so actually probably
well above average you had we had the
longest Larry jr. on the last run now we
got the shortest Larry jr. all we need
is a Larry jr. that always lies in ER
Larry jr. that always tells the truth
obviously I'm about 0% excited to have
breath of life but we'll find a way
perhaps to get rid of that at some point
in future and at least you know we have
gotten breath of life I'm not going to
say that there's a good chance that this
is going to be the last item we would
ever be able to pick up in the game you
know what I'm like I don't think there's
a good chance that this would be the one
that would give us real platinum God or
a million in 1% or whatever but now we
don't even have to worry about it it's
an item that could conceivably have that
fate attached to it because I would
almost never willfully pick it up and
keep it at least but two clubs yeah I'll
go up to 14 bombs I think 14 bombs early
is very very nice you know you can only
save the two of clubs maybe get more
value later but I don't think it's
necessarily super prudent to our
existing situation and finally our pill
is one makes you larger which I mean
wait our hairstyle flips there did you
see that we had like tornado hair where
it's the guy from the blondie righted
Dagwood that's it I got confused
because the star of the blondie comics
is blondie but actually his Dagwood you
know he's the one making the big
sandwiches that are you know not even
plausibly Blondie's just sort of they're
that sounds like it's been a long time
that red blondie okay I'm not trying to
accidentally be misogynist here my
impression of the blondie comic strip
from all the rich lore that I was able
to glean from it as a child was that
Dagwood he always wants to relax he's
always like oh I just got my hard day at
the insurance Factory so he makes like a
big sandwich and then when he goes down
to eat like sits down to eat Marmaduke
just eats his whole sandwich our
Marmaduke and blondie the same comic
blondie
it's a American comic strip
it ran oh my god it started in 1930
that's absurd that explains his haircut
is there really no Marmaduke in blondie
those are two different things
running gags give me the sandwich
Dagwood sandwich I said Dan speaking my
language
he just meant give me a leg it would
sandwich anyway they're not a dog cookie
Bumstead what the heck is going on here
all right dude I haven't read a
newspaper comic page in probably like 20
years that's absurd
I really in a way I admire newspaper
comics because it's the most
constricting form of comedy media I
could possibly imagine you have four
frames to set up a punchline get people
to sit like set up a joke get people to
believe in your world and then also
deliver on the punchline like no word in
those four panels can be wasted and yet
you know so many of them turn out turn
out to be kind of garbage right I'm not
trying to be rude there's some classics
you know I grew up reading peanuts
trying to think of well Family Circus is
just solitude I fell on my mom Family
Circus number 1199 there and I don't
begrudge them because it to some extent
it's a self caricature there have been
isaac episodes that have just been like
you know caricatures of myself almost i
try to bring my a-game but you know
sometimes you just have you finish an
isaac episode you go i didn't talk about
anything in that i hope that it was
entertaining on some level but i didn't
talk about freaking anything
we saved nine lives by the way cuz we
might as well take it laughs just in
case we had a huge deal there or
something like Abaddon for example um
but anyway i digress
what item is back here that I did not
take that's not that's just the look of
the item what item is here that I didn't
take nine live that's right now we can
go in here and crack this open NL are
you feeling ok there was actually the
worst television program I have ever
seen was the family's well I don't know
there is one show I saw an MTV a long
time ago called yo mama where it was
really just an insult staged insult
battle between two made up posses 2004
was like a weird time dude you got
served was popular so everybody was like
well kung fu fighting obviously but like
insult rap battles and dance battles
were like I'm not going to say that they
were a thing but they were part of the
public consciousness briefly it was very
strange to be growing up in that in that
time period but anyway what was I saying
I digress regardless there was a cartoon
version of Family Circus that aired on
TV and it was always on before my
so-called life my so-called life was
like 11:55 to 1225 Family Circus was
like 11:40 to 11:55 and accidentally
tuning into Family Circus for like even
10 seconds was the low light of my week
I didn't watch my so-called life when it
aired a Terran like 1995 or something
but I watched it you know during its
rerun just before I think it started
hitting that level of like everybody
should watch this Jordan Catalano of
course I was ruined from Brian Krakow
how could I not
he had the white 15 year old afro that
everybody's best friend had Maya well
maybe not my best friend but definitely
one of my friends had a curly sort of
pseudo afro thing going on like what was
the guy's name for my school musical he
had that but with like brown - blonde -
hairs again blender years not that I was
killing it to a larger degree like hey I
like to always turn the gaze of
criticism inward so you know that I'm
not just laughing at other people I can
laugh at myself in ninth grade I have
not been bald forever that should be
clear close to forever I noticed I was
balding for the first time when I was
like 17 which is why when I you know
sometimes I see posts on the Internet
where they're like oh my god I'm 24 and
I noticed a little hair loss in the
shower what do I do and I'm absent
bethey for you because I've been through
it but I also went through it like you
know my senior year of high school so
you'll figure it out you know I have
confidence that you're dealing it with
the tools of an adult you'll you'll
solve the problem I have the utmost
faith anyway
but any of you in ninth grade full head
of hair relatively probably not but like
pretty full at least unnoticeably
thinning grafts this is irrelevant the
situation but I bought hair gel that was
also like paint
sort of so it was like colored hair gel
basically and I put I used it to put two
white lines and my temples as if I was
like you know a man in his late 30s just
starting to go gray it's one of those
things where like you think it's going
to be cool I mean I was also like 13
I do give myself a little bit of slack
in this compartment this is obviously a
hindsight not at all cool but at the
time I was like this is going to be cool
what a bold fashion statement
and then I went to school and like as
soon as I got on the bus why not take it
here as soon as I got on the bus
somebody was like what the heck's wrong
with your hair and I was like oh it was
going to be a long day and it was a long
day so once I got home I showered and
then I never did that again because that
was stupid but see like we all make
decisions like that in our many of us at
least make decisions like that in our in
our youth well even like middle school
you know what the most popular piece of
clothing was for like the the girls in
our class was a shirt that had the Spice
Girls but they were mice and it said you
guessed it mice girls
I don't want anything there all we
should bond our way into the shop and
then probably gotten the key Ganzi item
oh that's that's bad form on my part
there but that's okay
I mean when you're like you know 11 or
12 it's not that big of a deal but I
think you'll look back at that and go
mice girls real cute
I'll as late as like 11th grade I would
sometimes wear a long sleeve shirt and
then a t-shirt on top of it instead of
the other way around
and I have to say in a hindsight not
cool at the time a little cool that
people were doing that you know so you'd
have like a t-shirt and then your
sleeves would be a different color you
don't understand because you're looking
back on it with the eyes from the future
you know you're going that stupid and I
agree with you but at the time I'm not
saying it was a good look but it wasn't
a horrible look and I'll stand by that
the the hair gel that also made me look
like I was 30 years older than I
actually was not a smart idea I'll level
with you on that one
we should donate and also buy a key so
save five cents
as far as I'm concerned if you don't
have a story like that you haven't
really lived you know I'm trying to
think of some other examples I had a
friend and I don't know this might still
be something that's done but I had a
friend who had you know these sweaters
or sweatshirts that were like longer
than his arms and he would cut holes
where the thumbs were so he could put
his thumbs through the through the hole
and wear it like a shirt glove I don't
even know how to describe it really and
you're going to say like wow NL you
really hung out with like some losers
right well this this guy was actually
like pretty normal
land is a popular necessarily prising ly
not that clean to be honest with you
like everybody was relatively accepted
but like he had friends and a girlfriend
it was a pretty normal situation I'll
consider No Deal that hurts me deep in
my soul and everybody used to do the
hair flip the boy band hair flip it's
true and at the time we were laughing in
pictures of our parents from like the
1980s who uses hairspray all you need to
know about my generation is that we made
Carmen Electra famous for workout videos
where she teaches you how to stream that
was our generation the Paris Hilton
generation the sextape generation
not that there's anything wrong with
that and we're working it out you know
we're growing up figuring out life in
the world now without colored hair gel
and Paris Hilton to guide us into how to
be a talentless garbage fire look no
disrespect meant to Paris
the stars are blind is you know and
three out of ten songs I didn't say one
out of ten it has some merit some talent
was involved in the production of that
somewhere along the line I don't know
maybe the CD was just manufactured well
but it's a start I always bring this up
as I want you to if you're younger if
you're on the younger generation side of
things I don't want you to be bossed
around by our generations it'll happen
eventually you know first I was raised
by the post baby boomers you know the
echo generation they were the people
printing out the participation trophies
for us at every sporting event you'd be
like only came fifth place in the
baseball tournament owner oh no no no no
no you weren't fifth place you were seed
champions this is the truth and in the
baseball league that I was in growing up
it was there were six teams you could be
a 1st place with a champs 2nd place with
a runners-up third place B champs
you won the B championship it means like
very weird way to set things up I don't
know why they did it like that except
that you know you got a trophy at the
end I feel a little bit betrayed my
parents generation was the one paying
for the trophies printing them out and
making sure that everybody got a trophy
and then now they're like you know all
these Millennials do you win a
participation trophy with that I didn't
shoot I just wanted to play baseball get
outside I didn't care if we believed got
a trophy guy he's all these weird little
crappy baseball bats with like a small
plaque on them that says like you know
see runners-up it's the grave memory of
the time when I came sixth place in our
baseball tournament that had six teams
in the league got to make sure we
commemorate it
that's that's what you know it's like
we're getting stabbed in the back
eventually I'm going to turn I'm going
to have my hail Hydra moment where I'm
going to be like Oh kids these days
always sudden each other you know nude
photos okay it's maybe not the best
example for a nuanced conversation but
you know what I mean like yeah this is
way better I didn't shouldn't have even
had to think about it there will be a
moment where I will and I actively at
least in my age which is so relatively
young I fight back against being out of
touch except for comedic effects in
these videos and on the show I try to
you know stay relatively current I'll be
honest with you I don't understand
Instagram I've talked about this a few
times but I don't I don't really get it
I don't want to look at photos that much
I want to read words but if you like
Instagram I keep myself with a I at
least know what it's called I don't go
you know insta app or whatever you know
but one day I'll be like oh yeah you
know these young Millennials here's my
impression of a young millennial I can't
do anything but sell my cell phone and
then you know as soon as I do that
you've got to remind me of all the
stupid stuff my generation did we
invented Healy's Keeley's are not cool I
see people on the internet saying
Healy's are cool don't buy Healy's I'm
looking out for your future you know
chances of having intercourse don't buy
Healy's unless you're shooting like a
viral video you don't need shoes to turn
into rollerskates that's an idea
invented by either an eight-year-old or
Rob and as much as I love him I would
never give him financing out of my
pocket for a business idea that he comes
up with like that it's just the economic
suicide cell phone radio suus way is of
course going to say there okay good good
pickups there Chris kind of sounds so we
can still have a good chance to make
boss rush this it is our sixth floor
we're actually cruising here I don't
know maybe maybe healings are cool maybe
you shouldn't be taking advice on what's
cool from the guy who gave himself Reed
Richards hair
you know a month in the ninth grade I
also remember I got a lot of
cringe-worthy memories from my from my
early high school years just trying too
hard remember in my computer technology
class in ninth grade which basically
boiled down to play flash games and you
know occasionally a future would be like
here's how you do a Google image search
again weird era Google was like 5 years
old at this time anyway I we had to do
this survey for our teacher our teacher
was like I don't want to know more about
you guys because you know you're just
coming into high school for the first
time so why don't you do this survey and
tell me a little bit about yourself and
I remember vividly that one of the
questions was I like to read about blank
really just a nice way of asking a
question about like what you're
interested in and I wrote and I it pains
me to even bring this up it's still raw
you know 15 years later I wrote I like
reading about the human condition
who doesn't what a just terrible answer
to that question first off I have no
idea what reading about the human
condition meant I clearly had just they
heard someone else say it and was like
that person sounds smart I want to be
like them I want to impress my teacher
Leonard up in Cairo you know not my
favorite person on the planet Earth
anyway but I digress just a smarmy
crappy answer to put there but I'll load
up to it you know we can all laugh about
this stuff
I grew out of that phase thankfully not
everybody has you see it on you know I
am very smart
our / I am very smart you know the wrong
generation etc etc you've had that chest
before but don't remember what it is but
with ten cents we're going to try to hit
150 here let's be closing in on another
shop upgrade maybe candles appeared in
the basements a good item we got so much
time here if we want to live through
boss rush though we got to we got to
pick up some HP in the process here I'm
still holding out hope this is our tenth
run to kill mom's hard-on as well and
unlock more progress I mean ah why'd you
why'd you pick it up there's just no
reason to pick it up is the thing what
there is a reason to do is we get one of
them blow yourself up respawn in the
devil room grab this one yeah see that's
like we redeemed ourselves slightly but
we did lose a black card we had no
reason to lose that's the that's the
last really embarrassing high school
story that I can think of they were all
like ninth grade which i think is
acceptable you know you're young it's a
big leap from going to middle school to
high school especially because you know
my school was so small my elementary
school is so small I went from
kindergarten to eighth grade you spent
10 years in this school and you graduate
as top dog and then you go to a school
where you know you're a little puny you
know nothing again you're watching this
in your Nathe grade first of this very
precocious of you don't make the same
mistakes I made don't say I love reading
about the human condition who doesn't
make you an idiot come on come on I know
you got some performing here we
shouldn't have done this we shouldn't
have done this but let's go it's not
that good you're going to be fine
everybody's gone through your make it
out okay don't sweat it
I'm very lucky I think I'm the only
person out of the round table crew who
had like a good high school experience
I'm not bragging I'm just saying my high
school experience was pretty okay
I studied decently hard I had an okay
social life and things were not all
together that bad are you restricted
yeah you don't have a whole lot of
freedom compared to where your n is an
adult but in its own way that's kind of
nice sometimes anyway else we got a
focus here please stomp this anyway not
everybody has that same experience but
if you're saving the same for college if
you're getting ready to go in that the
Department right now you're going to be
fine you're going to figure it out or
you're not and then you're still going
to be fine in the end are you going to
convince yourself that you're fine
either way it's going to work out for
you most of the time except for the
people that it does see I'm not really
good the cool comforting thing people
learn pretty quickly to stop coming to
me in their time of need I feel bad
because I might surprise you but oh this
is pretty good I genuinely have sympathy
for people I'm not going to say on like
a deep level like when I see like a
person that's like hey can I have a ham
sandwich and then the deli is like where
are the ham sandwiches I don't like
start to cry but you know I do feel I
feel empathy I guess is the is the word
but then when people like feel bad and
have talked to me in the past I'm just
no good at giving comfort I'm too I'm a
robot basically is what it comes down to
to some degree I'm a hyper literal and
I'm solutions oriented ooh talk dirty
more to me baby please but it's at least
sincere like in my head I'm like someone
feels bad find the way to make them feel
good know maybe you should you know just
relax that's not going to help okay well
I'm out of ideas
maybe I'm good at distracting people
from their problems see that's kind of
like I'm a professional at that in my in
my youtube and twitch line that's maybe
that's where I belong here by the way
we're going to do boss rush and we're
probably going to live but the run has
become kind of a garbage fire I didn't
keep the stat change due to experimental
treatment but I'm going to go out on a
limb and suggest that it was kind of
horrible
I'm always in these people that can
comfort other people because I think
it's a good skill to be able to you know
act as a solve emotionally to other
people who said is something I'm a
little envious of I never I never found
that skill myself personally at least
not on an intentional level if you're
watching this for any kind of
therapeutic level and I'm very
appreciative of that honestly I don't
possess that skill on a one-to-one level
cuz I always feel like I would be lying
to people you know if you're like oh I
think I'm gonna fail chemistry my first
inclination is like that sucks
are you okay they're like I don't know
when I'm like well you can always take
it again and just study harder that's
not what anybody wants to hear in the
moment that's like a very I know like
it's tough oh wow what an incredible I
got too much Larry David in me I think
you know if you didn't want to say oh
you should have studied more it's not
really helpful in the moment I think
it's the only child thing I grew up my
parents were stable I didn't have any
brothers or sisters going through crises
so I never developed like that that
skill that was necessary
the only person having crises in my
house growing up was me
not just a large extent anyways it's
getting too personal but who doesn't
love to listen to the human condition am
i right that was a bad one those
incidents that and the hair gel incident
probably happened within like a month of
each other is the most embarrassing one
months of mine of my existence on planet
Earth and I think it's around the right
age if you have our most embarrassing
months of existence when you're like you
know 28 you either messed up bad or
you're me playing Kerbal space program
[Music]
anyway now the hair gel dab well there
was actually one time when I worked in
South Korea I came to school and I was
this I was again I want to point out I
was barely an adult I can't believe they
contracted me to work in a foreign
country at the age of 20 this is absurd
but anyway I guess it was 21 but it's
like barely 21 I came to school I was in
the office and I was like what smells
bad everyone in the office was speaking
Korean now you know let's know that and
eventually I realized my pants smelled
like terrible like a smell not like
fecal matter just just a horrible odor
like tree resin and so I don't even know
what it was to this day but I had to
like I sniffed it in the butt I stood up
and I was like sorry my fam smelled
really bad but I don't have time to go
back and get like new pants and I just
notice that right now that was a
sobering moment for me in my life quite
embarrassing especially because that's
at that point I had to teach like 7 one
hour classes full of kids and the kids
were like what's that smell and I was
like I don't know you're talking about
you guys must be crazy but the smell was
me it was my pants and to this day I
still don't know what it was but it was
foul it was the only item of clothing
that I had that had that smell
it was not vomit it was not
poop on deaf word it appeared in the
basement I'm not saying that just to
make myself look like more innocent than
I actually am like I should have noticed
that the pants smell bad but I was in a
rush I still to this day it's a
mysterious aroma that it's like my pants
got a hit by some kind of smell ghosts
then I don't understand so that was
that's a more recent embarrassing memory
not a great one but since then it's
largely been pretty ok fewer in the you
can have fewer and fewer embarrassing
moments the older you get I think that's
that's trending upwards until you reach
like a certain age and then everything
you do is very embarrassing I think
that's the way it goes is like when
you're a kid you embarrass your parents
when you're a teenager you embarrass
yourself and a young adult I guess you
embarrass yourself when you're a
middle-aged adult you embarrass your
kids and then why not when you're a
senior citizen you just embarrassed
society that's not where I met that
punch line to go I have nothing but love
for the nation's elderly out there I
worked in a not in a forward-facing role
but I worked in a Senior Center at one
point in my life you'd think that I have
some stories I have no stories that's it
was just a nice place people would show
up you know they'd meet their friends
there they've read some books they'd
take classes on how to use Microsoft
Word I mean look at least they're
learning right you know they're trying
to stay contemporary you got to keep
yourself busy I'll take an Instagram
class when I'm 70 I got nothing better
to do and you know it helps me converse
with the younger generation why not
start an Instagram account for grandmas
with big bottoms or something like that
that's what's hip on the Instagram right
oh we need that every Friday was fish
and chips day he didn't get a free meal
for working there though which I always
I kind of took that as a slight to be
honest with you but that's okay I'm not
going to take dart Judas because again
we don't want to respawn as dark Judas
at least not yet
rotten baby's a great kid but dark do
this not yet once we get to every posted
note thing unlocks we can go for it
the worst place I ever worked was
definitely goodwill working in goodwill
if anybody out there works in goodwill
or Value Village right now speaking of
which I worked at Goodwill for like six
weeks not a long time I applied at Value
Village which is just slightly upscale
goodwill and they turned me down who's
laughing now Valley Village who is
laughing now anyway
take this but that was a great blow to
my ego when I was like the most perfect
candidate to apply for a job at like a
donation fulfillment center and then
they turned me down I was like this is
darn recession am i right but anyway if
you work at Goodwill or anything like
goodwill right now you have not only my
deepest sympathy but can I offer you
like some of my limited amounts of inner
strength because that is a hard job you
know long hours physical labor and every
once awhile it's like the worst version
of Christmas it's like a hell's
Christmas because people show up and
they drop off like garbage bags so it's
not the best wrapping paper for one this
is a step one of Christmas maybe we
should've just gone for it oh no we
still have a hundred percent deal with
the devil go fine and sometimes you open
it up and you're like hey there's an
okay shirt in here we could probably
sell this for like five or six dollars
and sometimes you open it up and you go
oh this one's just trash that's the work
people are awful sometimes I still to
this day I don't fully understand it but
every day at Goodwill people overnight
when the goodwill is closed for anybody
not aware of this facility by the way
goodwill takes in donations primarily of
clothing and household goods sells them
and then donates the money to charity it
takes as much money as it needs to fund
its own operation it gives the rest of
money to charity I think it's the March
of Dimes but I can't remember
was literally the job interview was like
can you lift 30 pounds above your head
and I said yes and they were like you're
iron
anyway you unlocked glitch baby every
night when the goodwill closed I guess
overnight people would leave their stuff
in garbage bags in front of the goodwill
they're like I got to donate the stuff
but the goodwill is closed I don't blame
them you know we didn't have like a
drop-off box there that you could just
put it in and they're saying you want to
get these garbage bags out of your truck
the problem is sometimes they're like
rain I don't they didn't create the rain
but I mean they didn't do what they
could have done to protect us from ended
up inheriting some bags of garbage and
the other thing is sometimes people
would just literally toss garbage in
front of the goodwill I cannot fathom
the motivation because the garbage was
banged up it's almost like benevolent
maliciousness it's like they think that
the goodwill is a place that takes in
garbage sorts it and then sells the
stuff that has any value I still don't
understand why would you ever
there's dumpsters if you're trying to
commit some kind of weird garbage fraud
why would you give it to Goodwill I'm
not talking about you open it up and
it's like oh this this stuff is trash
I'm talking you open it up in like you
know potato chip wrappers and you know
glass bottles fall out of it anyway
so that's you know if you have no other
options I'm sure you could do worse I've
never had to work in like a
slaughterhouse or something like that or
no that strikes me is possibly being
worse I did work as a mover for a day
that was also terrible but that could be
just because I'm a weakling and I really
don't fit in with the blue-collar you
know like wake up at 5:00 in the morning
drive truck and crack jokes about ladies
butt holes sort of crowd I'm not one of
the bullies necessarily is what I'm
trying to say and a lot of it well on
the one day that I did the job the
people that I was grouped with we're
definitely some of the boys
either way I digress again if you've got
no other obviously probably worse I've
made some good people work in there but
I was also like I have to get out of
here as fast and I think they went out
of business which always I was like how
your chair
maybe people stop shopping I guess it
makes you know it is a store people stop
buying stuff I suppose I understand how
it could happen just just surprise it's
always we are but in place you worked
for goes out of business because you're
like I spent a couple thousand terrible
hours there and now the specter of my
rage is disappearing I just feel bad for
my previous tormentors that's not really
a good way to look at it that's not a
healthy healthy way to think about it in
all likelihood yet that's how I know I'm
the inverse of the round table crowd I
had great experiences with school wasn't
the biggest fan of many of the jobs that
I held feel like bears the opposite bear
didn't really enjoy school all the time
at least but he loved a couple of the
jobs that he had pre-youtube
we're like mirror images of one another
so he fits together yep that's us nope
don't have that guy yet just on the 40
oh good yeah that's what I meant
Oh super special rocks but no way it
lives you well thanks for watching hope
you guys enjoyed it remember Mike
Morelli Dagwood's barber he likes to
make fun of Dagwood's hairstyle and can
usually be seen with a nameplate M
Morelli displayed by his barber chair
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode you did click the
like button I'll set a great deal and of
course subscribe if you want to see more
in the future for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time